com/bob/todo_sphi_app/utils/NotificationUtils.java
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.utils.NotificationUtils
com/bob/todo_sphi_app/custom_views/PriorityStarImageView.java
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.custom_views.PriorityStarImageView
com/bob/todo_sphi_app/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/bob/todo_sphi_app/data/TodoListProvider.java
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.data.TodoListProvider
com/bob/todo_sphi_app/data/TodoListDbHelper.java
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.data.TodoListDbHelper
com/bob/todo_sphi_app/services/DueCheckIntentService.java
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.services.DueCheckIntentService
com/bob/todo_sphi_app/models/TodoTask.java
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.models.TodoTask
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.models.TodoTask$1
com/bob/todo_sphi_app/BuildConfig.java
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.BuildConfig
com/bob/todo_sphi_app/databinding/ActivityAddOrEditTaskBinding.java
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.databinding.ActivityAddOrEditTaskBinding
com/bob/todo_sphi_app/fragments/SettingsFragment.java
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.fragments.SettingsFragment
com/bob/todo_sphi_app/broadcast_receivers/DailyAlarmReceiver.java
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.broadcast_receivers.DailyAlarmReceiver
com/bob/todo_sphi_app/databinding/ActivityTodoListBinding.java
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.databinding.ActivityTodoListBinding
com/bob/todo_sphi_app/widget/TodoListWidgetRemoteViewsFactory.java
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.widget.TodoListWidgetRemoteViewsFactory
com/bob/todo_sphi_app/data/TodoListContract.java
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.data.TodoListContract
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.data.TodoListContract$TodoListEntry
com/bob/todo_sphi_app/activities/SettingsActivity.java
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.activities.SettingsActivity
com/bob/todo_sphi_app/utils/TodoDateUtils.java
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.utils.TodoDateUtils
com/bob/todo_sphi_app/adapters/TodoListAdapter.java
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.adapters.TodoListAdapter
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.adapters.TodoListAdapter$TodoListAdapterOnClickHandler
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.adapters.TodoListAdapter$TodoListAdapterViewHolder
com/bob/todo_sphi_app/widget/TodoListWidgetRemoteViewsService.java
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.widget.TodoListWidgetRemoteViewsService
com/bob/todo_sphi_app/activities/AddOrEditTaskActivity.java
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.activities.AddOrEditTaskActivity
com/bob/todo_sphi_app/activities/TodoListActivity.java
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.activities.TodoListActivity
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.activities.TodoListActivity$1
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.activities.TodoListActivity$2
com/bob/todo_sphi_app/widget/TodoListWidgetProvider.java
 com.bob.todo_sphi_app.widget.TodoListWidgetProvider
